I guess whats up this is Paul here back
for another minecraft video today we're
on the play man cracked server playing
some survival games and this this
survival games has been a bit of a
lovely relationship for me were playing
on the arena today and that you know the
problem me and problem i have a survival
game was on the minecraft server and
play minecraft server is it is hosted in
America because of that I have a really
really bad pink to it i think my ping is
somewhere in the 200 range and i usually
play without a minecraft server but it
is really that bad because you're not
doing pvp too much but when you're doing
pvp ping makes a big difference
paintings essentially the amount of time
it takes figure so hit state registered
on the server so someone has like 10
millisecond thing that means they're
hits a register in 20 times faster than
mine so while it might not seem like
that much of i go near ppl told someone
and i'll get absolutely annihilated and
it is a bit annoying and it makes it
really hard to get games I mean I think
I'm in that like top 40 of kills and I
think I'm like a 1.5 k d or something on
this but when it comes to winning games
consistently I just can't do it just
because of the the PvP battles i get
into the lag just holds me back so much
from looking forward to when the
european servers launch next year early
next year for the mine crack and
survival games and stuff this really fun
to play both you'll notice in this video
i have to play really tactically when
I'm playing um you know I can't you know
I can't just run in and expect to kill
people because it doesn't work I have a
bad connection and obviously it's gonna
end up my death so I have to have to
play tactically and if you do have a bad
connection like mine a bad connection i
probably would consider any war from
like 120 paying above i really would
have a just to grab a bow and practice
bow shots and it's hard because the lag
means that you have to compensate for
that on your end so you'll have to eat
your shots sort of in the wrong
direction but because of the lag they'll
be in the right direction if that makes
sense so that's that's honestly my best
tactic right now i'm not sure what else
happens but if I go into a
1v1 fight with someone and if we have
posed to CM gear and you know same
swords if i go india 1v1 fight i'm dead
i am dead and regardless of the you know
you can put the best pvp r in there in
the world and he'd still die so right
now it is a bit connection based which
kinda sucks but again as I said once a
European server come up all that should
be fixed and hopefully we'll be alright
so what my general plan is just to scout
out the area Simon and I like just a
whole Dinah center of the map or the
majority of the traffic is and just
paying people off in the distance when I
play survival games I don't like sitting
in a corner and waiting until there's
one person left all mostly we do that
you're not playing the game correctly
yeah well yeah it's arguable but
honestly just takes the fun out of it
when you sit in the corner and you know
I did get a lot of kills this key so I
do consider it a decent game um and I i
think you know you get a lot of people
who win these games he's in the corner
and wait until there's one person left
and then just ambush them which kind of
sucks because you know you want the
winner to be the person who plays the
best but obviously it's not always like
that in survival games um I just see
someone's died here and I think towards
the end of the game when you do kill
people they just leave the litter
because they haven't got the time to go
through it see him again on the right
there but the arena is a pretty cool map
there is some spawn issues that we need
to fix I mean you can get spawned
emitter for some of these and here I'm
trying to inch on my shoulder sorry
mister i hear a guy and immediately used
you know i am wearing headphones so I
immediately see him and as you see with
the pool shots here as I said before it
is really hard to hit people on here um
and you can see him to lag and get in
there you know the guy almost kills me
because of the like accuse you know the
biggest the biggest thing that I love is
someone will hit me and on my screen
that looks like they hit me once but
then in reality I'm already dead because
they've hit me three or four times it
just because my screen isn't updating
because it hasn't received the data from
the Soviet and when the data does come
it just updates at all so I get like
three or four hits on me from one hit on
my screen so it kind of sucks because I
really have no chance but i'll make the
best of it and again the bow is
as tactic here I just decide to go away
the guys injured I've better give them
so i'm gonna win the bottle hopefully of
the service plan okay and then I'd to be
at whether they're all this stuff or not
for a while and i canna dick pro tip you
should actually discard all that crappy
stuff like all the golden boots and
wooden swords and stuff in the chest you
may be afraid of people getting them but
really there is no harm like yourn
everyone that a wooden sword is
essentially worthless in lake IAM like
there is no reason to have that and then
I spy guy out here and amongst get a few
shots no this is actually a pretty
intense battle we have here he has a
pretty good shot of him as well so
obviously and then another guy shows up
so high I'm like script and apparel see
ya go in and get a couple hits on them
and honestly I thought that would have
killed him I really did I got a hit on
him that's three ball hits I've got on
him and to sharpness to hit anybody else
probably would be yet i don't know i
think sharma's to is like maybe seven or
eight damage and I I put like five or
six thousand damn but pointing up and
yeah my biggest problem I want to play
survival games is that I don't reopen up
when I shooting bows and I that's not an
example of like there by the way the
double hit I get hit with a bow don't
the half a heart turn the heart guys he
comes charging out made backs off get
away get out of there and runs and
retreats I'm then I'm back and I have a
hard again I think I'm gonna die here
you know I'm like I'm gonna die so I'm
like script I'm going alright and then I
get the biggest pot shot ever watch this
right what's this look at this for a
potshot didn't even mean that well I I
kind of did but I mean I can with the
server and the way it runs you can't
really tell what your hours are going to
go sometimes I mean you can just shoot
in the general direction and hope but I
grow in here and see what he's got I
really just come over here to pick up
arrows to be almost and that's about it
I don't think there's any more PB
bottles for a while so I'm going to fast
forward this clip a little bit but there
are some really good players on this
server so far and the play minecraft
server is in a closed beta so you know
you'll only get the people who are kind
of wanted the support man cracked on
here and
well those guys are actually really
really good i'm a pvp so I'd tend to get
my ass kicked quite a lot on here which
haha i do good for straight a lot but I
mean it's all in good fun it's all in
good fun so hopefully I once we able to
put the public I'll have a little bit of
an easier time because there is some
really good people on here that I always
lose to I know Doc's been playing on
here a lot but I think we're coming to
the end of the game here and you know
the map slowly closes off over time and
I'm kind of sitting here thinking okay
where is the center of the map and I
thought the center of the map was done
here in the middle of the arena but no
apparently not that is not the center in
them up I have no idea why so I just
said you know what's going back up here
and I eventually see someone to my left
here and i have extreme nausea at this
point get a bit of lag here i honestly
thought I was dead right I start
spamming those potions extreme lag but
you know I come in and I see the guy
over here where hell is he I have no
idea i think i killed him with magic and
then yeah this this is the thing that
really annoyed me right one person left
one person left and I die yeah and your
girl kills me so good game ender girl
but I honestly think I got cheated a
little bit with lag there but she won't
fern square so props to her I was bit
annoyed this game because I didn't end
up getting like maybe like Savon area
kills and then dying at the end um I
honestly thought I was gonna win but
obviously not today so good game and
hopefully i can bring some more guys
soon supports them